thank you for being a part of our
mandatory quarantine no one's leaving
the room for eight weeks so get to know
each other though I am honored you
braved the germs to be with us tonight
the stock market is down and the
coronavirus is up this planet is going
to Purell in a handbasket and so they
just identified the first case of this
new corona virus here in the state of
California and it's mysterious because
the person who got it didn't go anywhere
or come into contact with anyone who
traveled from one of these viral
hotspots overseas and to be perfectly
honest I'm getting a little paranoid
last night I ordered post mates and
before I open the door I made the
delivery guys spray himself down with
the hose this by the way is how they're
cracking down on the virus in China
they've deployed remote control tanks
that shoot disinfectant onto the
citizenry it's pageant clear it up it's
a Lysol Roomba but we don't have that
President Trump is concerned not
necessarily for health reasons but
because the Dow was down almost 1,200
points today it was the worst one-day
drop ever in the history of the stock
market and a soft economy could hurt his
chances for re-election it's virus
versus virus right now so yesterday
Trump put Mike Pence on the case
the New York Times reported that he said
he picked pence because he has nothing
else to do it's interesting though that
he picked pence to handle this being
especially because in 2014 Donald Trump
tweeted Obama just imported an oboe
lazar with zero experience in medical
area and zero experience in infectious
infectious disease control a total joke
it really does have a it's a there's a
tweet for everything it's almost it's
almost like Donald Trump from the past
is trying to stop Donald Trump in the
future
and it's just not working this is a
funny joke too back in May of 2018 to
save money the Trump administration
disbanded the u.s. pandemic response
team although to be fair who could have
ever seen something like that coming in
handy and another reason from it had
better start taking this more seriously
the corona virus may result in a
shortage of his favorite drink
apparently the artificial sweetener used
in Diet Coke
comes from China it's manufactured there
and you know he drinks 14 diet cokes a
day he actually in the morning he blends
it with fried chicken skins and calls it
a smoothie so the president you know is
a germaphobe and he doesn't like to have
sick people around and so the White
House and the CDC are reinforcing the
importance of washing their hands with
an instructional video to teach
Americans the proper way to keep this
virus at bay the White House presents
how to wash your hands step 1 turn on
water step 2 apply soap to hands
step3 rub hands together step 4
dry them off now you're safe to do the
things you love virus fruit okay
a message from cdc.gov president and
first lady held an event to honor Black
History Month of course they chose
February 27th to do it's like a New
Year's Eve party that starts at 11:58
p.m. but they really went for it they
had special outfits and everything The
Fresh Prince of bad hair and I love the
idea of Donald Trump of black history
this is a man who thinks Rosa Parks is
short for Alma Rosa Parks Danny high
yellows character and do the right thing
as a higher favorability rating among
black voters than Donald Trump but the
campaign has a plan to win those voters
over and that plan is to open community
centers team Trump is calling them Black
Voices for Trump community centers black
Americans are calling them a trap they
say the goal is to engage voters and
discuss the incredible strides black
America is made under president Trump's
administration that's good what's next
the Mike Pence LGBTQ Club they're
opening these in Florida North Carolina
Lanta Cleveland this isn't an outreach
program this is the sequel to get out
okay so they released some photos of one
of the Senators and zoom in this sign
caught my eye because they were asking
you to this is not a joke this is they
want you to text woke to eight eight
zero two two just to find out how dumb
you are is like it's like when the
Nigerian prince emails you asking for
six hundred bucks but in this case it's
our president so these guy they are so
opposite of woke they're even selling
hats with the word woke on them and of
course who better to model those hats
than the sleepiest guy in Maryland
snorunt ben Carson so if that doesn't
get the black vote I don't know what
he's gonna do I don't know
Kanye he'll have to come down your
chimney I guess Trump's nemesis from New
York Michael Bloomberg took a shot at
the president during a CNN Town Hall in
South Carolina lesson and this guy say
what you want about Mike Bloomberg this
is a gentleman who knows how to deliver
a laugh I spell team T EAM there is no I
in team I always joke about it you do I
bet they're rolling and the cubicles
when you pop that one out on the
opposite end of the political spectrum
the Conservative Political Action
Conference also known as CPAC is
underway in Washington and if you're not
familiar what goes on at CPAC this clip
should tell you all you need to know we
have David Schneider dr. David Schneider
a leading orthopedist and the author of
a new book and he'll tell you among
other things
why socialized medicine killed
Princess Diana you heard it here first
and hopefully last I got I don't know
this year CPAC covered the whole
building with tinfoil so they don't have
to where the individual has been whoa
there is a fugitive on the loose in
Australia male baboon escaped an
Australian medical facility where he was
set to undergo a vasectomy and he ran
off with two female baboons who were
there to keep them calm during the
procedure
that's called unfinished business
I don't know why for whatever reason
that it makes me miss Charlie Sheen it's
a weird thing another primate new Zion
invasive species of herpes carry monkeys
have invaded u.s. state can you guess
which state oh yeah of course it's
Florida Florida has monkeys with herpes
that's basically Planet of the Apes
Meets The Bachelor they're six of these
monkeys were brought to Florida in the
30s to provide tourists with the jungle
type experience and since then they've
multiplied to nearly four hundred herpe
monkeys local officials have been trying
to teach the monkeys about safe sex but
every time they get to the part where
they put the condom over the banana one
of them eats the banana I was almost a
popular little stick joke you know
tensions are very high now with this
virus at airports around the world but
if you're flying Air New Zealand you can
relax because starting in October Air
New Zealand will be offering bunk beds
in coach these are for those times when
you're on a flight you say you know I
wish this felt more like an orphanage in
space those are not bits let's call
those what they are overhead
compartments that's where they want you
to sleep and if this catch is on your
air travel we'll go from this to this so
not to be outdone Spirit Airlines is now
testing what they are calling underwing
hammocks which is a special exit row in
the state of Virginia lawmakers there
are in the process of getting an unusual
law a law against fornication off their
books it's currently illegal for
unmarried people to have sex in the
state of Virginia and if they catch you
you can get a $250 fine for real this is
like it's like the porn version of
Footloose so state lawmakers have now
decided they want to repeal the law but
then they're waiting on the governor to
sign it any minute now and of course I
want to know more about this so we we
cut we track someone down and with us
now is the man who's been leading the
effort to abolish this antiquated law
Charles Potter hello Charles and thank
you for joining us
hi there Jimmy
Kaffee sex to you oh and happy sex to
you - we were just talking about what's
going on there illegally so tell us
about what you are doing and how it's
been going well it's been a long long
battle but I'm proud to say we're closer
than ever to putting this silly in our
cane code to bed good good
and the reason I say bed is because I
cannot wait to have sex what from what
I've been told I hear is just great wait
wait a minute you've never had sex of
course I'm not married so you're a
virgin then I guess so
then all because of this dang law pardon
my language oh yeah no it's okay it's we
gonna so you so wait a minute you let
this law stop you from having sex your
entire life well what else was I
supposed to do go off and get busy with
a non wife lady well yeah yes that is
what you're supposed to do that's what a
criminal would do and criminals go to
jail yes where you could lose your
virginity the bad way yeah I know I know
but wait a minute isn't it you don't go
to jail isn't it only a $250 fine if
you're caught oh listen to mr. moneybags
here
just walking around with 250 dollars
worth of bong boners in his parlor yeah
yeah yeah no yeah I heard the boner
thing yep for sure besides if I spend
all my money on fines how am I supposed
to pay for my sex equipment well what do
you mean by sexy equipment I don't know
I haven't done it before don't you need
some kind of equipment no not really no
no no it's not free
yeah most of the time yeah it's yeah
anyway Charles I just want to say I'm
excited for you wow this is gonna be so
much fun keep up the good fight and I
wish you a lot of luck thank you but I
don't need luck what I need is
experience yeah that's why I put an ad
on the world web asking for sex lesson
oh and let me tell you a lot of people
responded oh they did well what website
did you do that on it's called Greg's
list Oh Craigslist that sound regs list
yeah yeah well that may be not a great
idea I have to say Charles because oh
that must be my instructors now oh hey
gang come on in take off your robes and
make yourself at home
uh-huh that's oh hi Andy did you bring
your horse oh you know I did I want to
hear more about that sold sidesaddle
deal yeah yeah yeah Charles I have fun
but pace yourself okay Oh beat it prude
don't be such a square now who wants to
go for a Rita Meeta Guillermo is that
you No
okay no names allowed here Jimmy okay
all right I am ready okay go ahead but I
just wanna warn you guys no no crazy
stuff okay there you go well we wish you
all about the looses verginity thanks
for watching river every time you click
the subscribe button one of your enemies
gets destroyed